1. I have created a model for custom object detection (QR Code, Logo and OCR) for mobile robot.
2. Extract ECG signal from the Graph for ECG Diagonostic.
3. 3D Scanning by 3D camera and calculate Distance of object.
4. Biometric System (Face + Fingerprint)


I am currently working on is my level of proficiency in Excel. 
I recently tested as an Intermediate user and would like to become an advanced level user.
I have enrolled in a 6-day course at the local college which begins tomorrow.
I see that your job posting asks for strong Excel skills.

I am currently working  in Research and Development


I am currently working in Research and Development division. where I used Python/Matlab for data processing. 
I have also Experience in Hardware development. I did a MS (master 1 year) in
Artificial intelligence where I did several projects that was the part of the curriculum.



Nitish kumar Sharma

7004969879

nitish.ns378@gmail.com


Dear Hiring Manager,

I would like to throw in my hat as an applicant for the open DevOps Engineer position at Flagship Engineering. 
I have the analytical mind necessary to write code and the big-picture mentality to make it innovative and unique. 
I also enjoy overseeing projects, organizing people and channeling them into areas where they can make the best use of their talents. 
I'm thrilled at the prospect of becoming a part of your team at Flagship and placing my abilities at your service.

I began my IT career as a front-end developer at Crossover Software. My first job entailed working with teams of developers 
to write apps with varying functionalities from mobile games to search algorithms and malware detection packages. Collaborating 
with other developers not only honed my coding skills but also taught me the value of how to effectively work with others and 
subdivide tasks to improve efficiency and ensure smooth teamwork. I then became a cybersecurity technician with Centurion Technologies, 
designing encryption software and instructing clients in its use.

With my experience in software development, cybersecurity and public speaking, I later decided to combine my skills and become a 
DevOps Engineer at Innovation Software Solutions. With me at the helm coordinating development and IT Operations team, I was able 
to design CI/CD pipelines that improved the company's ability to design, debug and release software by 20%.

I am honored to have to opportunity to apply my unique set of skills to assist your organization and its clients. I don't believe 
there is any contradiction between appreciating the logic in tightly-written software and being a people person, and I look forward 
to showing you how I can combine these things as we move along in the hiring process.

Sincerely,
Nitish kumar Sharma


Respected Sir,
I am Interested at the position of Embedded Software Engineer at Atlanta Systems Pvt. Ltd
I am not Living in the Delhi, currently my job working location is Lucknow. So kindly schedule the interview remotly.

Thanks,
Nitish kumar Sharma
